[Craig] A photo of someone
named Daniela Acosta
tacked to the wall
of a Pasdaran office.
[Blair] My contact in Indian
Intelligence came through.
Saeed Al Bukhatir.
Apparently. he's handling
her case for the UAE.
He's one of their best.
albeit with a nasty reputation.
For what?
When did you learn Paul Lewis
was working for the CIA?
[Simon]
A Russian passport pinged
into Brussels Airport
from Nairobi last week.
Vernon Crawford. Viking.
Central African Republic
to Antwerp means one thing.
Diamonds.
I want eyes on this guy.
[Henry] Naomi violated need
to know. reached over the fence.
[Bosko] Why would she do that?
Oh. I intend to find out.
She's trying to play him.
Feel him out.
Lay the groundwork
to ask to come visit.
She trusts you more than
she trusts him. She's ready.
It's getting out of control.
[Viking over phone]
I'll pray for her. Stay strong.
♪ Dramatic music ♪
[indistinct yelling in distance]
I'm so thirsty.
Why can't we ask for water?
Be quiet.
Don't say anything.
[guard speaks Farsi]
Hey! Hey!
Where are you taking her?
[Darya shouting in Farsi]
[Hassan] Darya!
[Naomi] Who was with her
when it happened?
Um...
Popeye's friends
all got arrested.
Taken to the same
police station.
-Fuck.
-Picked up Darya. too.
Is that his girlfriend?
Fiancée.
Our theory is the IRGC are using
the kid to get at his father.
I said Hassan was too dangerous.
and they took the file from me.
We think it was him
they were after.
Gremlin got swept up
by accident.
She holds out.
they'll let her go.
No.
We didn't do our job.
We didn't position her safely.
and they've thrown her
to the fucking sharks.
♪ Tense music ♪
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White playing ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
[Richardson]
"Mercury uncontrolled
by the force of gravity
was not more unstable
than Charles Gordon."
Know who said that?
Churchill.
Takes one to know one.
Well. I must say.
I applaud the irony
in your choice of venue.
The man on that plinth
was defeated by 50.000 Sudanese
who cut off his head
and paraded it
through the streets
of Khartoum for days.
Grim.
But let's face it.
it's what he would have wanted.
[chuckles]
So... [sighs]
Where are we?
It has been hard to evaluate
a price for your request.
Releasing her is. uh. complex.
Other factors are now in play.
The UAE in Khartoum
is your problem. not mine.
It is both of ours.
Also. her price must. uh.
satisfy all parties.
Name it.
Firstly. my general
would like to tour
our African neighbors
as a head of state.
[scoffs]
Firstly. he's not
a head of state.
Not yet. anyway.
Ten countries.
over three months.
I can do six countries
over one month.
South Africa. Uganda.
Rwanda. Djibouti.
Ethiopia. Kenya.
Sovereign nations on a plate.
Who said the times have changed?
[short chuckle] Not me.
Six countries. one month.
Take it or leave it.
Six countries. two months.
Don't push your luck.
[laughs]
♪ Intriguing music ♪
[indistinct chatter in distance]
[door opens]
-How is this safe?
-Safe?
Is Hassan Zamani safe?
Because I've got a cable
says he's in in jail.
along with two associates.
Is your agent one of them?
If that's the case.
then this is cooked.
Get fucked.
I'm not gonna ID our agent.
And Hassan isn't in jail.
He's being held in a Pasdaran
police station in east Tehran.
No. no. This is over.
You can't deliver.
It's not over.
Pretend that Hassan is worth it.
If recruitment
-is no longer on the...
-Nothing has changed.
How so?
-He'll get out.
-[dry chuckle]
And when they get out.
you'll just whip your agent
back to London.
That's what I'd do.
-You're not me.
-No.
But then. nobody's you.
Not even you.
♪ Uneasy music ♪
By the way.
Samia's alive.
-What have you heard?
-Just that.
At least.
she is as long as our deal is.
Our deal is alive. Trust me.
[chuckles] Aren't you forgetting
I know what happens
to people who do that?
Get me Hassan.
[door closes]
[Henry]
What happens if her phone dies?
Still works. Up to two weeks.
With a dead battery? How?
-Magic.
-[chuckles]
You can access anyone's phone
who works here. yeah?
In London. you mean?
-With authorization.
-You're authorized.
I want my whole team setup
like this.
Uh... I-I don't-I don't
understand.
You don't need to.
Give me a map of London
with 16 blinking red dots.
including you.
This stays between us.
Anyone finds out.
I deny it and you get fired.
♪ Foreboding music ♪
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
-[Tom sighs]
-[door closes]
-[lock rattles]
-[door opens]
[door opens]
Daniela Acosta?
[knock on door]
Good morning.
Uh. this is Lieutenant Barker.
He's gonna be
observing me today.
Come in. honey.
You're welcome. Doctor.
I'm actually
a clinical nurse as well. ma'am.
Of course. yeah.
Men can be nurses. too.
[Robyn] Okay.
-you're good.
-[chatter on TV]
-Want me to get you set up?
-Yeah. thanks.
Oh. can you just turn the volume
up for me. Doctor. please?
Yes. ma'am.
[narrator] Barely the length
of a man's hand.
this nocturnal primate moves...
[Robyn] What if he says no?
Nah. you got this.
It's right on time.
[phone rings]
[phone beeps]
[Robyn] Hello?
[Viking] Hey. How you doing?
[Robyn] I'm okay.
[Viking] How's mom doing?
She going for those tests?
[Robyn] Yes.
We're waiting on results.
Listen. I need
to ask you something.
We need to talk.
[Viking scoffs]
So talk. I'm right here.
[Robyn]
You're not. You're not here.
It's too hard over the phone.
[Viking] What's too hard?
What's going on?
Does he sound suspicious to you?
Everything this guy says or does
sounds suspicious to me.
[Henry] Quiet.
[Viking]
I'm fine. Don't worry about me.
I can't travel
to meet you right now.
-It's too dangerous.
-For who?
[Viking] For me. For both of us.
[Robyn] Maybe I could
meet someplace safe.
You could tell me where.
There's this NGO
I can volunteer with.
they need nurses.
They could get me real close
to where you are in Africa.
[Viking] What's going on?
You been talking to somebody?
Why you want to see me
all of a sudden?
[Robyn] I just miss you.
I want to see you.
Check you're okay.
You sound so different.
I'm worried about you.
[Viking] I miss you. too. sis.
All right. but I need you
where you are.
Look after Mama.
All right. I got to go.
I'll call you later.
[line clicks]
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
-What do you got?
-Dead end. We need a way in.
We got one more chance.
Push any harder. the jig is up.
He'll get suspicious.
We need to identify
what's motivating him.
-He's a mercenary.
-A poor mercenary.
He's making millions.
but he's poor.
Where's the money?
We follow the money.
Who's spending it?
What's it for?
Find that. you'll find a way in.
Okay. got it.
[Tom] Valhalla's operation
in the CAR is a complex web
of shell companies and fronts
for other businesses.
They use locals or nationals
of other countries to run them.
[Simon] Mm-hmm.
This fuel import company
is run by some chauffeur.
This beer company
run by a bartender they met.
There's a diamond company.
Auralith. has a CEO.
some Belgian guy runs a brothel.
Right. but in the end.
it all belongs to Valhalla.
-so who's getting rich?
-Mm-hmm.
[Tom] Well. that's just it.
The businesses make profit.
but then. the money vanishes.
Not completely.
Most of it appears in loans
to... this company.
[Blair] Travaxis Resources.
-What's it do?
-[Tom] You are gonna love this.
[Blair] Travaxis takes money
from Valhalla's legitimate
and illegal businesses and loans
to Russian shell companies
buying land and mining contracts
across CAR.
Congo. Mali and Niger.
[Henry] Rare earth minerals.
Last century. it was oil.
Future wars will be fought
for control of lithium.
cobalt and graphite.
[Blair] These countries sit on
half the world's deposits
of this stuff.
They're vulnerable. Unstable.
So. Valhalla are moving in.
This hasn't even begun
to get nasty.
Twenty-first century
colonization.
with Valhalla
the invisible bankroll.
Meanwhile. we sit on
the sidelines and watch.
Their new cash stream?
A diamond smuggling route
set up by Viking.
Well...
let's wait for him
to show up in Antwerp
-and grab him there.
-He won't. It's too big a risk.
He had to set up
the route in person.
he burned a passport doing it.
Now. it paid off.
but he knows if he tries it
over and over. he gets caught.
So. he needs a courier.
Here's our play.
Snow White tells Viking
she's desperate.
Flat broke.
Viking has merchandise
he needs to move into Europe.
The routes they need to fly
are monitored.
Patterns will be spotted.
Viking needs
a clean Western passport
he can trust with his life.
[Henry]
Well. she is broke. actually.
Working all hours.
Piles of debt. medical bills.
Let's make it his idea.
All she should say is that
she needs a loan.
Some fast cash. He'll jump in
with a better offer
for his innocent looking courier
with a clean U.S. passport.
Excuse me. I need
to check on something.
All right. this is good.
This could work.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
-Excuse me.
-Yeah.
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
Blair?
Yeah?
Everything okay?
Yeah. I just need to check
something at my desk.
Any news on Samia Zahir?
Samia Zahir. no.
No. nothing new.
[scoffs]
You're lying.
I'm not.
Samia has reportedly
been executed.
Reportedly?
Cable traffic from
a diplomatic back channel.
Embassy in Chad.
I'm sorry.
Keep me updated.
[keypad beeps]
[Henry]
Zamani was released yesterday.
If he reaches out to you.
you attended your grandmother's
funeral in Madrid.
recovering in London.
A grieving researcher
on compassionate leave.
Don't contact us.
For emergencies.
take a jog in Burgess Park
every day at 4:00 p.m.
This is the route.
We'll contact you if we need to.
but if we don't. nothing.
Shut up. Do nothing.
-Lace up my sneakers.
-[phone buzzes]
[Simon] Message from Zamani.
[Henry] "I want to see you.
Are you in Tehran?"
-What do I reply?
-[Martian] You're bereaved.
You had to come home.
You'll be able to reach out...
That should be enough
to justify silence.
If he calls you.
leaves messages.
sends flowers to grandma.
don't reply.
-He'll find that strange.
-We don't care.
We'll need to check your laptop.
anything else you took to Iran
and brought back.
I can do it later.
Iranian Revolutionary Guard
are good.
You've been lucky.
but we proceed with caution.
What happens when I go back?
I don't know you're going back.
[phone buzzes]
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
Hassan Zamani is still a target?
No.
We're losing a gold mine here.
I've made my decision.
[Blake] How are you?
I'm fine.
You've been through
quite an ordeal.
What do you want?
Thought I was gonna die.
I didn't. I'm fine.
That sound healthy to you?
How did you know?
-I'm not sure I follow you.
-You knew something...
about me.
Things became clearer
in that cell.
What did?
[laughs softly]
I wasn't scared.
And what's even crazier...
I knew I was gonna be fine.
Don't ask me why.
but I just did.
♪ Slow. eerie music ♪
And it hit me.
It's why you hired me. isn't it?
You got a name for it?
No.
We just know how rare it is.
We build the tests
to find people like you.
People who don't care
if they live or die?
The brave.
-Those who can't be stopped.
-Is that bravery or insanity?
Often differentiated by outcome.
What. win and you're a hero.
lose and you were nuts
to even try?
Fuck. that's bleak.
But you never feel
like you're going to lose.
Do you?
And you didn't.
It's not in you.
♪ Tense. eerie music ♪
[Blair] Samia has reportedly
been executed.
♪♪♪
[birds chirping]
[panting]
[Martian] Gremlin.
Hassan Zamani
is coming to London.
-When?
-You're going to get him here.
Henry said
he's no longer a target.
I convinced Henry of his value.
How do I get him here?
He's in Tehran.
Contact him.
Ask how he is. where.
He likely left Iran
on his release.
He's looking
for a change of scene.
-Okay.
-If you urgently need me.
here's a list
of social media accounts.
To contact me.
follow the first one.
then the second one and so on.
-Okay.
-I'll keep tabs
on your activity.
Yeah. Fuck yeah.
What?
No. nothing.
-Do you miss him?
-It's not that. Forget it.
Didn't like getting benched?
I was out there.
doing what I trained for.
then I wasn't.
Congratulations.
You're an addict.
♪ Slow. gentle music ♪
-[Hassan over phone] Daniela.
-Hey.
Oh. I tried you over and over.
I'm so sorry for your
grandmother. and for the arrest.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. I'm-I'm fine.
-What about you?
-They held us for days.
We got let out
a couple days ago.
I'm in Paris now with Darya.
Paris?
I'm in. I'm in London
sorting stuff out at my flat.
Come over and see us.
I-I have to help my mom
with my grandma's affairs here.
We have to see lawyers and shit.
What a shame.
Would be fun to see you.
But then. it's two and a half
hours on the train.
Maybe you could come here.
[Robyn] What's the point?
He made it so fucking clear
he wouldn't even see me
if I went all the way there.
So. what are you gonna do?
Give up on him?
He's proud.
He's not gonna accept help.
But maybe if you turned
things around.
What if you said
that you were in trouble.
and you needed his help?
What kind of trouble?
[Robyn]
Things are a mess. I'm a mess.
I'm working ten-hour shifts
and trying to care for Mama.
[over speaker] I'm not
making enough to eat properly.
let alone pay the bills.
I'm so exhausted. Vern.
[Viking] Why didn't
you tell me this before?
I'm ashamed.
I've failed.
Listen.
What if there was something
I needed you to do for me?
At this point. I'll do anything.
Then get on a plane.
We'll meet somewhere safe.
Together. we'll fix this.
-[Robyn] Thank you.
-Now. don't let this
weigh on you anymore.
I'm gonna fix everything.
All right? I promise.
♪ Slow. tense music ♪
All right. I got to go.
Hang in there.
[line clicks]
[laughs] Oh. my God. it worked.
You heard him.
He wanted me to come. right?
[Owen]
I can't believe it worked.
Steve. you're gonna
be there. too. right?
-I-I'm too scared to go alone.
-Of course.
[laughs softly]
♪♪♪
[Owen] Wow. [laughs]
Okay.
[Robyn] Was it?
Okay. I mean.
[Owen] It was more than okay.
[kissing sounds]
[laughs softly]
I'm so sorry.
Wasn't your fault.
I made a mistake.
I pushed too hard.
they pushed back.
It won't happen again.
I promise.
Come.
How was the funeral?
Thanks for asking. It was fine.
[laughs softly] Hey.
I'm sorry. Danny.
I-I don't feel so great.
I'm tired.
I'm going to lie down for a bit.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I caught
a bug on the plane.
♪ Slow. somber music ♪
[Hassan speaking quietly]
[Danny] Is she okay?
What's wrong with her?
She was whipped.
Darya refused
to repent or cooperate.
so the judge gave her
30 lashes instead of ten.
Thirty can kill you.
We went to see
a burn specialist in Paris.
She's still in shock.
That's terrible.
I have an important meeting
tonight.
organized by my father.
Can you stay with Darya?
I don't want her to be alone.
Of course. I can stay with her.
I hope she's sleeping now.
I'll go check on her.
♪ Slow. tense music ♪
[phone buzzing]
-Hello?
-[Martian over phone] Gremlin.
-Can you talk?
-Yeah.
Go ahead.
[Viking over recording]
I'm gonna fix everything.
All right? I promise.
[indistinct chatter
on recording]
-I got to go. Hang in there.
-[key clicks]
I'm gonna fix everything.
All right? I promise.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[Owen] There.
The guy speaking Russian
in the background. What is that?
I'm gonna fix everything.
All right? I promise.
[Blair] TavArishch SiniyOvich.
tuh nam nUzhen.
"Comrade Siniyovich.
we need you."
"Siniyovich"? I thought
they called him "Viking"?
Yeah. I know. it's weird.
They definitely mean him.
I don't know.
maybe it's his Russian name.
But it's an odd one.
"Siniyovich"?
Just a phone call away.
a guy who smashes people's heads
with a sledgehammer
sounding normal.
You scared?
-No.
-Hmm.
Well. you should be.
Also. nice work
with the. uh. fake kissing.
♪ Slow. gentle music ♪
Hook her in.
That's great spy work.
You jealous?
Why would I be jealous?
It was fake.
Right.
-It was a lie.
-Yeah.
-Your job is to lie.
-I know.
-Like mine is to lie.
-Mm-hmm.
We're liars.
Hmm.
[laughs softly]
[door opens]
[buttons clicking]
[line ringing]
[phone buzzing]
[buzzing continues]
Hello?
[Henry] Where are you?
In town.
At a restaurant with Poppy.
Shame. I'm in the office late.
wanted to go grab a drink if
you were still here someplace.
I'm not.
It's late. Go home.
♪ Slow. tense music ♪
Yeah. Will do.
See you tomorrow. Bye.
[sighs]
♪ Eerie. suspenseful music
[speaking inaudibly]
See you again.
One moment.
♪♪♪
-Have a good night.
-Thank you.
[Martian] Raymond Bidât
works for Petramor.
an oil and gas trading company
formed in Jersey
and based
in Lausanne. Switzerland.
Hassan Zamani had dinner
with him last night.
They got on very well.
His father's idea?
Has to be.
Petramor has known connections
to the National Iranian
Oil Company.
They use them for joint ventures
to get around
international sanctions.
Great work.
♪ Soft. contemplative music
You have a deal.
[Pruitt] Rendezvous
with Viking is a goat barn
outside Kaga Bonduro.
on the road to Batangafo.
The area is miles and miles
of arid farmland.
Lots of informal outbuildings.
We'll only know which one
exactly once you arrive there.
Viking told Snow White he'd join
within 12 hours of her arrival.
He's probably coming
from the east.
from Valhalla compound.
But as we don't have a fix
on his position.
he could approach
from any direction.
Am I the only one
who remembers the briefing
where we said
this was too dangerous
to do in the CAR?
What happened to drawing him out
someplace safe
like Abuja or Nairobi?
-A call was made.
-A call?
[Henry] Operational call.
Viking reached out to her.
He's bringing her to him.
These are his terms.
His terms. Okay.
Great. Um...
So. we land in Bangui
and we wait
to be driven up-country
to a goat barn?
I'm glad you were
paying attention.
[Owen] And assuming we make it
to this goat barn. then what?
Then African Union
Special Forces take over.
they turn the location
into a trap.
They do that? Not our guys?
[Henry] The AU
are on a mission to confront
mercenary activity in Africa.
It's a core aim of their peace
and security council.
They're more than happy
to help us on this.
[Bosko] We're on the knife edge
with the Russians
across other theaters.
We really can't afford
a direct confrontation
in their backyard
becoming public.
[Pruitt]
I can tell you the AU unit
is provided by the Nigerian
Special Boat Service.
Their operators
are highly trained by our SEALs
and the British SBS.
[scoffs]
Is there a problem?
No. No. no problem.
Uh. all right. So...
what ex... what exactly
will they do?
[Pruitt] We're not telling you.
So you're just as surprised
as Snow White.
Sure. Makes sense.
But. uh. if we run
into a problem along the way?
[Pruitt] We'll make sure
there won't be from our end.
You make sure
there isn't from yours. and...
-this'll go fine.
-But there's
-a communication system?
-[Pruitt] Between us and you?
Absolutely not.
But AU boots on the ground
and the Agency
will be in constant contact.
Owen. Owen?
You're just escorting
Snow White.
You're a friend whom she expects
to be there for her.
Her aim is to meet
with her brother
-and talk with him.
-Mm-hmm.
Offer him a way out.
a way to come home with her.
Your job is to simply
play a part in that.
Remember. it-it's her you want
to convince. Not Viking.
Now. the second
that he appears in that area.
and it's confirmed. we swoop.
You'll never have
to see the guy.
-Yeah. I understand.
-Okay.
Yeah. I understand.
Thank you. sir.
[Pruitt] If anything takes
you by surprise in the field.
there's an 80% chance
that it's us.
coming to extract you.
Eighty percent. Awesome.
What's the other 20%?
Folks. can I speak with Owen
for a minute?
Privately.
[door opens]
-[sighs]
-[clears throat]
[door closes]
Listen. if you want
to back out of this. you can.
No one will blame you.
On the contrary.
I'll blame you for going ahead
if you're at all hesitant.
A mission like this?
You can say no.
What happens if I say no?
That's not your concern.
I'm in.
Yeah?
♪ Tense. eerie music ♪
You ever get bored of this?
[Simon] Mm. it's not boring.
You just don't understand it.
It's objectively. empirically.
100% boring.
and I can prove it.
How?
Want to fuck instead?
♪ "Drop" by HotWax playing
♪ I know this sounds ♪
♪ Like a lame excuse ♪
♪ I like the way ♪
♪ It makes me feel ♪
♪ I don't care about myself
no more ♪
♪ I'll. I'll take the abuse ♪
♪ 'Cause you're angry.
then you're not ♪
♪ Then I feel the tension drop ♪
♪ Then I'll have it all
for you ♪
♪ Yeah. is that
what humans do? ♪
[music stops]
[coughing]
I don't know why I took that.
I don't do that
normally. either.
-[coughing]
-You're full of surprises.
Oh. You. too.
I had no idea
you felt that way about me.
I don't.
I've been in the field
dealing with a tremendous amount
of stress and tension.
[sniffles]
That helped.
Right. Lucky me.
So. I guess
it won't happen again.
Do you want it to?
Do you?
If you were. like.
back from a mission.
-super tense...
-Do you have feelings for me?
No.
It's just. I was a virgin.
[laughs]
-Seriously?
-Wow. Thanks.
Oh. my God.
You were?
[laughs]
Fuck you!
[Poppy] Kant is based on
categorical imperatives.
which are moral laws
that everyone must follow.
-[TV playing indistinctly]
-Okay.
Hit me with his big three.
[clears throat]
Univers-aliz-ability.
Not a word. but go on.
Um. act in a way
that you think should be
a universal law for everyone.
So something that you do.
everybody else
should be able to do it. too.
[reporter] ...this is despite
ongoing accusations
of atrocities committed by...
Can you turn that off. or down?
Oh. sure. Okay.
Sort of. Kind of right.
-[TV mutes]
-Two?
♪ Slow. dramatic music ♪
Two.
Treat people as an end.
not a means.
E.g.. lying is unethical
because you are treating
the other person
as a means to your own end.
Three?
Three.
Principles must be
accepted by others.
All acts must be acceptable
by other rational. moral humans.
Okay. so. you got
all three wrong.
[laughs] What?
As everyone knows. one:
avoid sunlight.
-two: don't get wet...
-[laughs]
three: don't eat after midnight.
That's Gremlins. you dickhead.
[laughs] What?
[sighs. laughs]
♪♪♪
♪ tense. dark music ♪
[zip ties tighten]
[Sami crying]
[insects chirping]
[crying]
[sobbing]
[wails]
[phone buzzing]
[busy tone beeping]
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
Hey.
-[car door closes]
-What's going on?
-Gremlin is on the move.
-[engine staring]
[Hassan over phone] Daniela?
Hey. are you okay?
You called me 14 times.
I'm fine. Go back to sleep.
Are you crying?
Where are you?
I don't want Darya
to see me like this.
Did you take something?
Maybe.
-I don't care anymore.
-Hassan. where are you?
Waterloo Place.
Waterloo. Regent Street.
Okay. I'm on my way.
[phone buzzing]
What's happening?
[Grandma]
We're covering Gremlin.
Simon went up at 7 p.m..
clearing her tech.
but never left the apartment.
Gremlin's on the move. alone.
in a taxi heading north.
Call me back in five minutes.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
[door alarm dings]
[phone buzzing]
-Hey.
-[Martian] Where are you?
Meeting a friend of ours. Why?
Don't. Turn around.
keep walking.
don't let him see you.
Why?
IRGC
counterespionage
are following him.
They're in London.
they could be watching.
Is that a problem?
He's coming toward me.
What do I do?
Walk away.
I can't.
I can handle this.
whatever it is.
You can't. You can't
handle this because
you don't know what it is.
It's too late. He's seen me.
-Gremlin. Gremlin.
-[line disconnects. beeps]
Fuck.
[whispers] Fuck.
[Hassan] You came. [laughs]
[grunts]
What's wrong?
Darya and I had a fight.
I can't go back there like this.
What did you fight about?
She doesn't want
to go back to Iran.
She wants to move here.
She feels safe here.
-[chuckles]
-[laughs]
-You're okay?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Come.
♪ Tense. suspenseful music ♪
[Grandpa] I'll stay on them.
Call it in.
[phone rings]
-[Henry] Yes.
-[Grandma] Should Gremlin
be walking around town at night
on a tour of the sights
with a boy?
Is it Simon?
He was sent to meet her.
Maybe they went out for a drink.
It's not Simon.
Someone she met later.
Someone not on
her F and F sheet.
Identify him.
♪♪♪
-[insects chirping]
-[dog barking in distance]
[laughs softly]
♪ Slow. dark music ♪
[Blair] So. a nurse.
Is that. like. a fantasy?
Not especially.
Is she a good kisser?
-Objectively?
-Objectively.
-She's okay.
-Mm.
You'll probably have
to fuck her.
There's a chance.
Well. that stands to reason.
For king and country.
Would that be hot?
What?
Knowing that
when she's fucking you and...
looking in your eyes and shit.
you're completely deceiving her.
[scoffs]
Are you messing with my head
on the eve of my mission?
-Little bit.
-Thanks.
-Don't mention it.
-[scoffs]
[door opens]
I'm happy you stayed late.
Don't fuck it up.
[sharp laugh]
♪ Tense. dark music ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[announcer over P.A.]
All customers connecting
to other flights.
please follow the posted signs
on the flight connections...
[announcement continues
indistinctly]
♪♪♪
[keyboard clicking]
[computer chimes]
[keyboard clicks]
♪ "Runaway" by witch gang
playing ♪
♪ Blueberry seeds
inside my teeth ♪
♪ I'm on my way home ♪
♪ Smiling like a runaway ♪
♪ Dancing in the graveyard.
follow my heart ♪
♪ Laugh on the tomb.
eternity's ours ♪
♪ I can see the end start.
living so far ♪
♪ Spreading your lies.
preaching your cause ♪
♪ Call me alive.
call me a morgue ♪
♪ Dead of the night.
live under stars ♪
♪ I can feel it.
you can feel it ♪
♪ We can feel it inside ♪
♪ I can feel it.
you can feel it ♪
♪ Together we fly ♪
♪ I can feel it.
you can feel it ♪
♪ We can feel it inside ♪
♪ I can feel it. I can feel it ♪
♪ I can feel it inside ♪
♪ Me. I'm out again.
I see the sun is out ♪
♪ I'm on my knees ♪
♪ I'm breathing easy.
seventeen ♪
♪ I'm half awake.
don't look at me ♪
♪ Me. oh. my. my problems fade ♪
♪ A hundred on the interstate.
I'm half alive ♪